It seems
Mr. Zhan is not as close to women as rumored
Since Mr. Zhan is not tired of playing
Then I'll wait a little longer. Wait for you right away.
Are you kidding me?
We are partners
Are you really going to fight for this little slut
Slut seduces men at a young age
You're going to rape me
I didn't seduce him
No wonder he was admitted to such a good college student
All the men in the school slept with me
Because I'm good-looking.
To end this insult
After dinner
We can discuss playing with fish in private
Art after all
I am a professional
Don't get me wrong
You listen to my explanation from now on
Our warrior group has experienced with you
It's all my fault, listen to me explain
Listen to me explain my wrong station
Mr. Zheng
Mr. Zheng, thank you very much for pushing me in just now.
But temporarily and with the cooperative company
It will cause great losses to the soldiers
It's wrong to sexually harass you.
Instead of